Games-Tournament-BlackJack version 0.01
==========================================

This is the README file for the Games::Tournament::BlackJack. The
interfaces are likely to change, this is largely untested code.

The main purpose for this module is to allow users to develop new
subclasses of Games::Tournament::BlackJack::Player for use in
Games::Tournament::BlackJack tournaments. The Thousand-Oaks PerlMongers
group will be organizing the 'official' 2005 tournament that this
codebase was originally written to support. The author felt it would be
most appropriate to open the code running the tournament to reap the
usual litany of benefits.

All entries to this and future 'official' tournaments must be submitted
under a license approved under the Open Source Definition. (
http://www.opensource.org/docs/definition.php )

You can use this set of modules to:

=over 4
=item *

Develop and objectively evaluate BlackJack strategies. 

=item *

Simulate a human player of varying memory facility (not yet implemented in 0.01)
=item *

Win the BlackJack programming competition. 

=item *

Help find and eliminate any bugs in the competition engine prior 
to the actual competition.

=back

There is further documentation in the modules themselves, and the
discuss folder of the distribution. Start with
C<Games::Tournament::BlackJack>.

This is an early version, much more documentation is planned, especially
on the user-developer side for tournament entrants.

Feedback, patches, etc.. are welcome (though I make no guarantees on
acceptance for patches.. or agreement for feedback.)

INSTALLATION

To install this module type the following:

perl Makefile.PL make make test make install


INSTRUCTIONS

See POD for Games::Tournament::BlackJack.

DEPENDENCIES

This module does not depend on any other module except Exporter.pm. If
you don't have Exporter.pm installed, you have bigger problems to deal
with than running a BlackJack simulation. If you don't know if you have
it installed, but you can get perl to run, you almost definitely have it
installed.

COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2005 by Paul Jacobs

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.4 or, at
your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.


